Update migration-tool.adoc (#26)
mulesoft/docs-beta: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-tool.adoc

. Perform any pre-migration steps, such as migrating from the DataMapper to DataWeave.
. Run MMA on a Mule 3 project.

> . Import the MMA Mule 4 converted application into a supported version of Studio 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Import the Mule 4 application that MMA produced into a supported version of Studio 7.
```

> . Review the MMA Migration report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Review the Migration report that MMA produced.
```

*Important:* MuleSoft recommends that you migrate to a point where the
Compatibility module can be dropped from your app and that you simply use the

> module as a bridge until the manual steps of the migration are complete and it is 100% compliant with Mule 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
module as a bridge until the manual steps of the migration are complete and your app is 100% compliant with Mule 4.
```
